0.  BMP: 16M
    GIF: 256
    JPEG: 16M
    PNG: 256T

1.  GIF

2.  Lossless data compression is a class of data compression algorithms that allows the original data
    to be perfectly reconstructed from the compressed data. By contrast, lossy data compression permits
    reconstruction only of an approximation of the original data.

3.  JPEG

4.  When the operating system erases a FAT ﬁle, two things occur. First, the system modiﬁes the ﬁlename’s ﬁrst
    character in the ﬁle’s directory entry to signal that the ﬁle has been deleted and that the directory entry
    can be recycled. Second, the system moves all of the ﬁle’s FAT cluters to the hard drive’s list of free clusters.
    The actual ﬁle data is never touched.

5.  They can use sanitization tools.

6.  stdint.h is a header file in the C standard library introduced in the C99 standard library section 7.18 to allow
    programmers to write more portable code by providing a set of typedefs that specify exact-width integer types,
    together with the defined minimum and maximum allowable values for each type, using macros.

7.  The point of using these types of values is that when we declare variables, they will have an exact size.

8.  BYTE = 1 byte
    DWORD = 4 bytes
    LONG = 4 bytes
    WORD = 2 bytes
    
9.  0x42 0x4d

10. The bfSize shows the size in bytes of the bitmap file.
    The biSize shows the number of bytes that are required by the structure BITMAPINFOHEADER.

11. If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB and its origin is the upper-left corner.

12. The field biBitCount specifies the BMP's color depth.

13. Because there might be a lack of memory.

14. The third arguement of fread is always 1 in the copy.c, because the function will read the total
    bytes of BITMAPFILEHEADER or BITMAPINFOHEADER at once (as a block) and this should be done only one time.

15. 3

16. fseek allows you to change the location of the fp pointer, skipping over a number of bytes, either forward or backwards.

17. SEEK_CUR allows us to change the location of the fp in relation to its current location.

18. Rob Bowden
